# 1.3 Infrastructural Components of Zenith Chain

**Zenith Chain Validators**: Zenith Chain validators verify each transaction on the blockchain before adding it to a distributed ledger. The validators, also called miners, “earn’ the right to verify these transactions after solving varied computational problems. The validators are also given rewards for work done.&#x20;

**dApps**: Decentralised apps are computer applications without a central authority that run on a distributed network. The overall performance of dApps is dependent on the users of the devices utilized to access the network. dApps are created to perform a particular function on the device, and it is often the device that determines the performance of the Decentralised apps.&#x20;

**Cross Chain Contract**: A Cross-Chain Contract is a smart contract that deals with exchanging tokens or services across two different networks on the blockchain. Zenith Chain cross-chain contract is a secure and fast decentralized mechanism that can handle exchanges of two or more tokens, between Ethereum and BSC, without an escrow.&#x20;

**Security Infrastructure**: Zenith Chain Security maintenance is performed by deploying updates and patches to the code implementations powering a user's blockchain infrastructure. Keeping upto-date with the latest updates and releases helps to protect our users from any vulnerabilities as they are found by the protocol team.&#x20;

**Transactions**: The zenith chain enables the sharing and exchange of information among nodes on a peer-to-peer basis. This exchange takes place utilizing files containing transfer information from one node to the other, generated by a source node, and broadcasted to the entire network for validation. The current state of blockchain is represented by these transactions, which are continuously generated by the nodes, and then congregated in blocks. In the case of bitcoin, each transaction represents the transfer of currency from one node to the other. All nodes are aware of the current balance at each address and maintain a copy of the existing blockchain, which is the log containing the history of previous transactions. The state of the blockchain changes after each transaction. With a huge number of transactions generated each second, it is very important to validate and verify the genuine ones and discard the fake.
