# 6.1 Risk Factors

6.1 Risk Factors A major security risk that a Zenith Coin/Token holder will face is losing his private keys. Such a loss will mean that the token holder will not access his digital wallet and stands the risk of losing all his tokens as it is irretrievable. Anyone who has private keys will have access to these tokens without the knowledge of the owner and can misappropriate the tokens in the digital wallet. Zenith Coin has been built to withstand attacks from hackers, denial of service, consensus-based attacks, Sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing, and malware, as the Zenith Chain platform is opensource software that may have bugs. It is the responsibility of the token holder to guard against such a possibility.&#x20;

The value of the Zenith token is subject to market speculations which may drive the value of a token up or render it valueless.&#x20;



**IMPORTANT DISCLAIMER**&#x20;

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY. BY DOWNLOADING, ACCESSING, OR USING THIS WHITEPAPER, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THESE TERMS, DO NOT USE THIS WHITEPAPER.

1. This whitepaper was written by Zenith Chain (‘UAB Zenith Chain’) to provide potential investors with information that will enable them to make critical investment decisions. It may be used only for informational purposes only and not seen as an offer. This whitepaper is not a contractual agreement and should not be viewed assuch.
2. The primary purpose of this whitepaper is to educate and inform and should not be seen to constitute financial or other professional advice orservice.
3. You will do your due diligence, independently of UAB Zenith Chain, to verify any views and opinions in this whitepaper as there may be errors, omissions, and inaccuracies in parts or whole, and UAB Zenith Chain will assume no responsibility.
4. UAB Zenith Chain reserves the right to change or modify any of the terms and conditions contained in the Terms at any time and at our sole discretion. UAB Zenith Chain reserves the right to change or modify any of the data and information contained in the Whitepaper at any time and at our sole discretion.&#x20;
5. UAB Zenith Chain reserves the right to change or modify any of the data and information contained in the Whitepaper at our sole discretion at any time before, during, and after the sale of UAB Zenith Chain tokens.
6. You must understand that by downloading, accessing, or using this whitepaper, you waive any right you may have to receive specific notice of such changes or modifications. References provided are for informational purposes only and do not constitute an endorsement of any sources.
7. You cannot modify or reproduce any of the information and data contained in this whitepaper without the express and written permission from the UAB Zenith Chain and doing otherwise will be interpreted as a deliberately malicious and illegal act that UAB Zenith Chain will address using legal measures.
